[Music]
now it shall come to pass in the latter
days that the mountain of the Lord's
house shall be established on the top of
the mountains and shall be exalted above
the hills and people's shall flow to it
many nations shall come and say come and
let us go up to the mountain of the Lord
to the house of the God of Jacob he will
teach us his ways and we shall walk in
his paths for out of zion the law shall
go forth and the word of the Lord from
Jerusalem he shall judge between many
peoples and rebuke strong nations afar
off they shall beat their swords into
plowshares and their spears into pruning
hooks nation shall not lift up sword
against nation neither shall they learn
war anymore
but everyone shall sit under his vine
and under his fig tree and no one shall
make them afraid for the mouth of the
Lord of Hosts has spoken for all people
walk each in the name of his God but we
will walk in the name of the Lord our
God for ever and ever
in that day says the Lord I will
assemble the lame
I will gather the outcasts and those
whom I have afflicted I will make the
lame a remnant and the outcast a strong
nation so the Lord will reign over them
in Mount Zion from now even forever and
you hold Tower of the flock the
stronghold of the daughter of Zion to
you
shall it come even the former Dominion
shall come the kingdom of the daughter
of Jerusalem now why do you cry aloud is
there no king in your midst as your
counselor perished for pangs have seized
you like a woman in labor be in pain and
labor to bring forth old daughter of
Zion like a woman in birth pains for now
you shall go forth from the city you
shall dwell in the field and to Babylon
you shall go there you shall be
delivered there the Lord will redeem you
from the hand of your enemies now also
many nations have gathered against you
who say let her be defiled and let our I
look upon Zion but they do not know the
thoughts of the Lord nor do they
understand his counsel for he will
gather them like sheaves to the
threshing floor
arise and Thresh of daughter of Zion for
I will make your horn iron and I will
make your hooves bronze you shall beat
in pieces many people's I will
consecrate their game to the Lord and
their substance to the Lord of the whole
[Music]